Javascript Roadmap Add module content (#1850)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/115-javascript-modules/101-esm.md

> # Esm
> 
> ESmodules is a standard that was introduced with ES6 (2015). The idea was to standarize how JS modules work and implement this features in browsers. This standard is widely used with frontend frameworks such as react and can also be used in the backend with Node.js. Sometimes these modules will be written with a .mjs extension.
> 
> ESM imports use a syntax with a `import ... from` statement. eg. `import circle from './circle.js'` or `import {area, circumference} from './circle.js'`
> 
> ESM exports use an `export default` or an `export` decalaration inside the module. eg.
> 
> ```
> // contents of circle.js
> const { PI } = Math.PI;
> 
> const area = (r) => PI * r ** 2;
> 
> const circumference = (r) => 2 * PI * r;
> 
> export {area, circumference};
> ```
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/modules-in-javascript/'>Introduction to Modules in Javascript</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules'>Full ESM module overview from MDN</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/modules'>Full ESM module overview from js.info</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html'>Node.js documentation for ESModules</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='purple' badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRHQNNcYf6s'>JavaScript ES6 Modules Simplified</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ESModules

ESModules is a standard that was introduced with ES6 (2015). The idea was to standardize how JS modules work and implement these features in browsers. This standard is widely used with frontend frameworks such as react and can also be used in the backend with Node.js. Sometimes these modules will be written with a .mjs extension.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/modules-in-javascript/'>Introduction to Modules in Javascript</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules'>Full ESM module overview from MDN</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/modules'>Full ESM module overview from js.info</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html'>Node.js documentation for ESModules</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='purple' badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRHQNNcYf6s'>JavaScript ES6 Modules Simplified</BadgeLink>
```
